open source project, a smartphone app using gps signal, it is a capture the flag game for cyclists. Cyclists can invite their friends for a game and then join the party. A game will be created in a selected region. There will be a game with minimal 2v2 but of course it wil be much ore fun with more players. The goal is to make cycling not only about power and watts and training, but this app should actually develop cycling to an augmented sport. Not only watts and perfomrance counts its also about strategy. Which bike should i choose because maybe some flags are in areas i can bettter reach wth a gravel.  This app should fill the lack of competition and camification that maybe some cyclists have. Some might never race competitive because it is dangerous or they use Zwift which is a great alternative. But in zwift the problem is, that it is very static. This open source game could make cycling super fun, one cannot only explore new places ( flags) but also think tactically of how to battle the oponents. It combines sport and strategic thinking. The game dynamics are not 100% clear but i got some inspirtation from capture the flags dynamics. For example if as a player i reach a flag, it loads a bar, when it is complete the flag belongs to team blue. A  defender from team red can set traps on the way or attack the blue rider from behind. If he is faster and passes the blue rider, the blue rider cnanot takes the flag and needs to go pack to a blue base were he gets "revived". First there will be a phone app, it should be quite minimal, and not suck to much battersy, because thats very often the problem with nagivatuion apps like komoot or so. The map should also be quite minimal and show red and blue marked ares. The more flags a team keeps the higher the score gets. Once the eteam reches a certain score it wins. Also Taking over components give scores. There can be a big amaount of skills riders can set, like slowing down the oponent (if he still drifes faster) the team will get a point penalty, or making oponnent stop for a few seconds . There can also be minichallnges that give some points. For example minisprints. The faster you are the more points you get. Personally for me Zwift is a super cool ideas but i really miss to ride with friends, and i really think this opens source app has a lot of potential. There can be maybe a lobby where you can even find other cyclists in the are, buit for a MVP we would start with a simple PvP (Capture The flag) game. This we can maybbe in future extend to open worlds and big world vs world or server vs server games, where the battle is all day. and yxou can fight for your server to win a game in a aweek or so. 
